[Music]
welcome to the breakdown where we break
down all the messed up movies
today we are talking about the sequel
yet also bigger budget soft remake of
tetsuo the iron man we have tetsuo
2 body hammer body hammer
seriously though tetsuo 2 is directed by
shinya sukimoto
who directed the first and starred in
the first as the metal fetishes
he plays a similar role in this movie
alongside the main character
tomo tanaguchi tomo's actor was also the
salaryman
in the first movie speaking of if you
haven't seen the first movie
click on the i in the top right for my
video on it
but never mind that this video is a
collaboration
with cinema nippon cinema nippon makes
very insightful analysis on various
japanese
films and we last collaborated on the
video pulse
well they also uploaded a top tier
analysis
on tetsuo 2 body hammer right next to my
upload
so either click the i in the top right
or go down to the link in the
description to check out their analysis
of this
right after the video i thank cinema
napon for working with me on this one
make sure you check them out and tell
them where you came from and check out
their huge library if you're interested
okay so let's see what tetsuo 2 has in
store
this video is full of anime references
by the way
if you want to see what happens
including all the messed up parts
stay tuned for the breakdown cue to
[Music]
gohan
movie begins with peter griffin making
his way home
crazy how i say peter griffin just
because he's big and drunk
well whoever this is he's still able to
notice some weirdos following him
in fact we are looking through their
point of view and the stalker
pretends to shoot at the man with his
finger like
nothing happened right until this guy
literally blows up
whoever this guy is he has the power to
shoot
delayed energy shots kind of reminds you
of this anime doesn't it
this iron man has a complete metal heart
too
and here goes that bigger budget right a
whole new high quality
title card to bring this into the movie
i could have zoomed in body hammer
though you don't need a big budget for
that
let me introduce you to tomo tanaguchi
he wakes up crying in his wife khanna's
lap also kano
the actors that plays khanna played the
subway lady the metal lady from the
first movie
right off the bat the surroundings are
way less bleak than the first movie
turns out the dad's dream was him as a
child
right after he was adopted but he has no
memory of the past
before adoption i don't think tomo likes
this
metal and concrete jungle very well i
can already tell you how this
modern world leaves everyone blending in
right
even if you don't want to later he is
with his family at the mall
tomorrow accidentally runs into two
metallic
creeps unlike most people tamwo is very
wary of them and good reason
they literally jack his son at gamestop
then they
shoot him with some weird weapon
tumulo's wife khanna wastes no time
she's running like the female titan
seriously they chase the two but it's
like tomo's going nowhere with his side
hurting
i hate that side hurt i love the music
by the way here take a listen
[Music]
the couple run all the way out of the
subway to the top of a building to get
their son
tomorrow's barely hanging on but then he
sees his son's two shoes
sitting on top of the scaling he didn't
jump did he
it was just the rules and the fake
terminators push him over the roof
and taunt him however something weird
happens inside of him
perhaps a transformation right before
falling kana saves her husband from
falling all the way down
but at least their son is safe and sound
he's smiling too looked like he had a
great time
it doesn't feel good almost dying and
even before that barely able to keep up
still they shot him with something and
changes are happening inside
regardless tomo feels the need to get
stronger
he goes to the gym but he's not getting
as strong as he like
he's struggling until he thinks about
those sickos who stole his son
i know this is unrelated but he actually
resembles mr
chan in the chinese movie red to kill in
these cutaways
i love the atmosphere when the family is
together like this
feels good listening to tomwell recall
some memories of his forgotten childhood
suddenly a phone call from those
villains who stole his son
well guess what they stole his ass again
while they were in here reminiscing
but damn does the sun not know how to
scream for help and son
he's just out there smiling and waving
like
like i don't know piccolo training a
willing gohan
tomorrow gets absolutely molly whopped
by one of the villains
molly wopped literally got dusted on and
thrown off the roof again
this is some jackie chan luck without
the jackie chan moves
well this time tumult climbs up on his
own but sees the villain
about to do that daniel larusso kick
actually he's holding the kid's shoes
and said he dropped the boy this sudden
revelation makes tomorrow
so angry and he transforms
it's like if tony stark wore his suit
inside
out tomo grows a metal energy gun from
his arm and
shoots at the villain but they use his
son as a shield
he literally destroyed his son on
accident
that's ultimate despair and his wife saw
everything pretty soon meadow seems to
completely surround
tomorrow almost like another process he
wakes back up blabbering that he is
remembering something
but his wife is afraid of him elsewhere
it turns out those villains are a part
of some strong collective of
weightlifters
the leader of the collective is prime
minister
now i'm just kidding he kind of looks
like a prime minister it kind of looks
like dr
octopus too turns out he is the
scientist
who had these two shoot that subject
and that subject was plain normal tomoa
eventually they kidnapped tomoe to bring
him back to the middle ground
they put him in a helmet contraption and
the scientist plans on messing with his
memories
i don't know who this guy in the bath is
yet but he looks like somebody yusuke
would fight
deep inside the mind of tomo he is
presented with his
child running away from him his pants
get full of pots and pants
and so he's running a lot slower this
memory machine
is causing tomo's body to transform even
more
a big metal gun makes his way out of his
chest
and destroys the area before seeping
back inside
well now they know the power of the
experiment
and the scientists calls for his
execution
that gun in his hand is going to make a
lot of metal men
that's what that is for and turns out
this guy
is yatsu played by the director shinya
sukamoto
who also played the metal fetishes in
the first movie
yatsu basically means that person or
that guy that dude cub scouts
yatsu used the scientists to create a
weapon
that gives others his powers and then he
murdered him without a second thought
he only wants destruction however
right before they can execute their test
subject tomorrow
he uses his gun growths to murder the
guy who planned to kill him
in tony montana fashion looks like their
test subject
is actually a threat to their plans
whoever this
metal court is they're very caring of
each other
so when their brother gets killed one of
them literally
shoots himself with that metal converter
that's what i'll call it
their goal is simple use their abilities
to destroy
tomorrow before destroying everything in
their path
and then yatsu slides back into this
liquid bed
meanwhile tomorrow is escaping and tries
to get a call in
only to get bullied by that cult
shooting energy blast at him
now that looks like a nice boss i love
me a good boss fight
but tomo is too scary and this guy
he couldn't really be on tomo's level
when the cultist mentions his son
tomo literally transforms into a chess
gun
overwhelming him and blowing his insides
apart with
monstrous sounds looks like he can
willingly transform back into human form
unlike the salary man from the first
movie that dude was stuck
the guy tumor just killed utters his
last words
a flashback in which yatsu finds him and
shows him his metal abilities
yatsu was the guy from the beginning by
the way who killed that drunk guy
it seems to me that he couldn't imbue
projectile abilities into him
but he could imbue a healthy dose of
strength
well now he can with the help of the
metal converter gun
and creates an army of metal men however
will they be a match for tomwo's
potential
okay guys listen up because this is
crazy back at home
kana discovers that when tomorrow was
shot
before the kidnapping of their son the
shot actually didn't penetrate his skin
in other words the rich wallet blocked
the metal converter from
turning tumor into a metal man so
tomo just had these metal abilities all
along
i hope that's not confusing the cultists
didn't know this of course
his wife is afraid of him though and i
honestly forgot that their son minori
was killed
she's having a bulk nom level breakdown
thinking about it
i'd hate to lose a child especially
because of me
she leaves the whole building to mourn
but the middle court
yanks her right off the street tomorrow
grabs a bike but
he looks like he's trying to get back to
grove street seriously though
he's going really fast it's like his
metallic powers are helping him
and he says now he's really angry
of course he has some reasons why
eventually he just literally starts
gliding on the wall
faster than spider-man could but they
knock him off the car
the cultists escape back to their metal
factory
however it's bad news on their side
remember when yasuo used the gun that
the scientists made to turn
all the court members into being similar
to tomo and himself
well turns out that the gun didn't do
his job
all of the court members are rusting and
they don't seem to be able to use
any powers tomoho was just built
different
and he didn't even need that gun
remember he had the powers deep inside
just like yatsu and he hugs a failed
cult member before his
eventual death i suppose alright time
for the final showdown
tomorrow finds out where they are
holding his wife khanna
but tin man says if he kills him then
kana will die
looks like tomo doesn't care about the
fact that kana is in danger
and destroys him anyway see all that
blood squirting out
hostages mean nothing to him now clearly
there seems to be some history behind
yatsu and tumul
however yasu seemingly kills kana and
this makes tamwo go crazy and go
stupid he transforms into body hammer
mode
that kinda sounds cool what do y'all
like best boat form
or body hammer mode yatsu is ready to
stylishly combat the body hammer
to be transparent this is just the
energy blast battle all over the factory
yatsu loves to say happy birthday to him
though he's literally just singing happy
birthday for some reason
speaking of february 13th somebody's
gonna turn
22. interesting enough is that there is
a way to kill those two metal guys
apparently rusting to death is a way to
kill them
but their aim is worse than some storm
troopers
i love this shot shot what i love this
shot of a half head
tomorrow though like just completely
metal at this point
until we can clearly see his face
rebuilds off screen
yatsu transforms himself but at this
point i'm a little confused
things are moving so quick but just know
that tomo seemingly crushes yatsu under
a closing platform
bursting his head off looks like
tomorrow won
huh not really yatsu shoots a cable
directly into his forehead
sending something directly inside of him
we get this mix of
body footage combined with minerals and
even shots of planets low-key i feel
like it was an
origin story for this metal power
whatever the case
it seems yatsu has hacked his head and
is feeding him the truth
we cut to the past and two kids watch
their father do a magic trick
we can see that the two kids are
actually tomoeo and yatsu
and their father has metal abilities too
he basically
turns a cat into this metal pot he
helped his children
manifest their metal gun abilities by
combining them with the weapon
they are now human weapons this is the
weapon becoming a part of them i like
how they i like how they did this by the
way
so now they can shoot projectiles
without the need of a gun
they practice by aiming at a dog but
tomo doesn't want to shoot it
yatsu shoots it and his mother sees it
but for some reason
kana in the present doesn't want
tomorrow to remember this
then he shows the parents of tomorrow
and yatsu
having sex sex that has the father aimed
a gun at her the whole time he
accidentally shoots her apparently but
his kids are watching
tomo gets so angry that he shoots and
murders
both of them she wasn't dead yet but he
just blasting it both of them
and just look at his face he just didn't
he's despair he's ultimate despair
so he kills both of his parents and
yatsu believes
that tomorrow felt beauty and
destruction
and didn't feel bad killing his parents
here
and because he was scared of that
tomorrow repressed the memory of it
well tomo remembers now looks like he
will become a pure villain and aim to
cause destruction
while khanna chases for the battleground
it's apparent that the two brothers are
merging together before the merge is
complete though
he begs for his wife to grab this rust
gun
and use it to kill him since they can
rush to death
but she cannot bring herself to do it at
all which is sort of surprising to me
considering how scared she is of him and
how she didn't want him to cause
destruction
it is her husband though the metal
cultists all awaken and converge
towards the metal beings and they become
a part of this mass metal construction
tomo literally injects his will into
each and every one of them
they look like enemies from sub-zero
mythologies
a metal fetus is shown which is a little
creepy
but immediately afterwards we can see
everybody merged into the metal being
to become a big tank that rose through
the city
kana's hanging right on the side the
movie ends with tom wall
kana and their son walking through a
destroyed city
i love this effect that they're doing
right here just that i don't know what
that is but i love it
but overall that is it for the movie now
kana had short hair for some reason and
honestly when i imagine a woman with
short hair
i make the connection that time passes i
wonder if this little boy
is their new son since their previous
son was
killed right plus we did see a metal
fetus right
but then that would mean this scene
would be years after the ending at least
well anyway i love this movie i actually
enjoyed it way
more than the first now that we have
gotten through let's talk about the most
disturbed moment
and most enjoy moment and that spooky
stuff
[Music]
alright so let's get right to it the
most disturbed moment for me
is probably when tomorrow blew his son
up now this movie
isn't a traditional disturbing movie but
seeing kana saddened by the sun's death
and all reminded me of bedeviled
the similar scene in that movie top 10
saddest moments of all time for me
most enjoy moment was how the metallic
abilities were portrayed
it was a complete upgrade from the first
movie yet still
keeping some of those stop-motion like
elements
i loved how this movie was kind of like
a remake of the first
at the same time it was a sequel and
that's it
again big thanks to cinnamony phone for
working with me on this movie
and make sure you check out their
masterful analysis on what this movie
says behind the frames
check out this eastern playlist to see
how disturbing it can get over in japan
hong kong or south korea it's always
great seeing films from this region
well make sure you like the video and
subscribe for more disturbing stuff
thanks for watching spooky out